# Universal Design - Final Project

## [Andrew Barlow](https://a-barlow.com)

### Description

A webpage built using the principles of universal design, showcasing the techniques and benefits of universal design.

### Technology Stack

Built using React, typescript, sass, and webpack based on the  `react-create-app` boilderplate on npm (but managed with yarn). To get started locally, clone this repo and run `yarn install` to install node packages. If you don't have yarn installed you can run `npm install -g yarn`. If you don't have node installed, this project is probably a few steps past where you're at (no shade, it was for me at a time).

To start a development server run `yarn start`

To build for a production environment, run `yarn build`

### Files
```
├── package.json
├── public
│   ├── index.html
│   ├── manifest.json
│   └── robots.txt
├── README.md
├── src
│   ├── App.scss
│   ├── App.test.tsx
│   ├── App.tsx
│   ├── content
│   │   ├── content.jsx
│   │   └── img
│   │       └── cute-dog.jpg
│   ├── index.scss
│   ├── index.tsx
│   ├── react-app-env.d.ts
│   ├── reportWebVitals.ts
│   ├── reset.scss
│   ├── responsive.scss
│   └── setupTests.ts
├── tsconfig.json
└── yarn.lock
```

* `build/` holds final compiled project. Not very human readable, but very efficient.
* `public/` holds publicly served content. These are used for development server but minimized when built for production.
  * `index.html` is the main web page this is built on.
* `src/` holds the source files which are compiled into publicly served content.
  * `index.tsx` is the Typescript as XML entry point. Most code is not in here, however.
  * `App.tsx` *is* where most of the code is. This mainly holds logic for rendering the site.
  * `content/` holds the actual copy text in `content.tsx` as well as the images in `img/`.
  * `*.scss` are sass style sheets. `index` is the entry point, `App` has the bulk of the rules, `responsive` handles media queries for content resizing, and `reset` has a minimal CSS reset.

Most of the other files are autogenerated for package managers or other automations. Necessary, but not something to mess with unless you know what you're doing.
